Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. What is your name? Valerie Hicklin Thomas
2. Why are you interested in Data Science?  I am interested in learning new tools and approaches to solving business 
problems.  I have worked in retail the majority of my career and I feel it is always good to understand how other 
businesses are using data.

3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience. I have 15+ Year in SQL and SAS.  I have used R for the past 2 years but not on a regular basis.
  What programming courses have you taken?  I have not taken any programming classes I have learned everything on the job.
Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?  I use programs to extract data from databases to use in analytics or creating tables for BI reporting.

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience. What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
I have taken DS705 in the spring semester.  In addition, I have taken 2 master level courses in statistics at Colorado State(online) in 2004 
and 2 course at Penn State(online) in 2010.  My biggest challenge how to apply the typical statistic class data set typically < 100 samples to the world 
I have always worked in which can be millions of samples, records etc.

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?  I used R in DS705.  I have used it at work from time to time to pull data from databases
 or to create correlations, regression model, etc.  A lot of what I have done is R-sql like queries instead of typical R code.

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?  I would like to learn more R code.  Understand how to do something I know well in sql and do it in R.  
In addition, I have heard a lot about python and I have purchased a few books but I needed deadlines to force myself to learn it.

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
I work for Nielsen supporting Walmart US & International with anything from a simple request to creating synthetic store matching.